[DOC] Write multi gpu training docs (#1799)
open-edge-platform/training_extensions: docs/source/guide/get_started/quick_start_guide/cli_commands.rst

    (otx) ...$ otx train SSD --train-data-roots <path/to/train/root> --val-data-roots <path/to/val/root> params --learning_parameters.batch_size 16 --learning_parameters.learning_rate 0.001

> As you can see from the arguments, the model can be trained using multiple GPUs. To do so, you simply need to specify a comma-separated list of GPU indices after the `--gpus` argument. The model will then be trained using distributed data parallel with the GPUs you have specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As can be seen from the parameters list, the model can be trained using multiple GPUs. To do so, you simply need to specify a comma-separated list of GPU indices after the `--gpus` argument. The model will then be trained using distributed data parallel with the GPUs you have specified.
```

> Please note that multi-GPU training is currently not supported for the action task and semi/self-supervised learning. However, it is supported for all other tasks.

Reviewer 2: How about adding we will support multi-GPU training in currently unsupported task?

> Please note that multi-GPU training is currently not supported for the action task and semi/self-supervised learning. However, it is supported for all other tasks.

Reviewer 3: Regarding the @jaegukhyun 's comment, 
```suggestion
Please note that multi-GPU training is currently supported for all tasks except for action tasks and semi/self-supervised learning methods. We'll cover them in the near future.
```

> Please note that multi-GPU training is currently not supported for the action task and semi/self-supervised learning. However, it is supported for all other tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note:

    Multi-GPU training is currently supported for all tasks except for action tasks and semi/self-supervised learning methods. We'll add support for them in the near future.
```
